Update support-policies-v4.md (#54356)
Azure/azure-content: articles/openshift/support-policies-v4.md

* Don't modify the OpenShift cluster version.
* Don't remove or modify Azure Red Hat OpenShift service logging (mdsd pods).
* Don't remove or modify the 'arosvc.azurecr.io' cluster pull secret.
* All cluster virtual machines must have direct outbound internet access, at least to the Azure Resource Manager (ARM) and service logging (Geneva) endpoints.  No form of HTTPS proxying is supported.

> * Don't modify the DNS configuration of the cluster's vnet.  The default Azure DNS resolver must be used.

Reviewer: Can you change vnet to virtual network?

Author: done

> * Don't modify the DNS configuration of the cluster's vnet.  The default Azure DNS resolver must be used.

Author: ```suggestion
* Don't modify the DNS configuration of the cluster's virtual network.  The default Azure DNS resolver must be used.
```
